Title: Mercenary Enrollment
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/mercenary-enrollment
Description: You are reading Mercenary Enrollment manga, one of the most popular manga covering in Action, Adventure, Drama, Romance, Sci fi genres, written by YC at MangaBuddy, a top manga site to offering for free. Mercenary Enrollment has 244 translated chapters and translations of other chapters are in progress. Lets enjoy. If you want to get the updates about latest chapters, lets create an account and add Mercenary Enrollment to your bookmark. Yu Ijin was the sole survivor of a plane crash when he was little. After becoming a mercenary to survive for 10 years, he returns to his family in his hometown.

Title: Hajime No Ippo
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/hajime-no-ippo
Description: You are reading Hajime no Ippo manga, one of the most popular manga covering in Action, Comedy, Drama, Shounen, Sports genres, written by Morikawa, George at MangaBuddy, a top manga site to offering for free. Hajime no Ippo has 1518 translated chapters and translations of other chapters are in progress. Lets enjoy. If you want to get the updates about latest chapters, lets create an account and add Hajime no Ippo to your bookmark. Throughout his childhood, Makunouchi Ippo has always been picked on by his fellow classmates. Long hours helping his mother run their family business, a fishing boat store, has left him without the time to make friends, and so he remains an introverted loner, doomed to be beaten day in and day out. Although he hates being bullied, he hates himself even more for not being able to fight back against his tormentors."What is it like to be strong?" he asks himself as he stares at his clenched fist. "I want to be strong." His encounter with Takamura Mamoru, a professional boxer, leads to the discovery of a dynamite punch that opens up the doorway to a whole new world where that dream can become a reality. At the Kamogawa Gym, Ippo now trains with the aspirations of becoming a professional boxer and discovering what it means to be strong.

Title: Blue Lock
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/blue-lock
Description: You are reading Blue Lock manga, one of the most popular manga covering in Action, Drama, Shounen, Sports genres, written by Muneyuki Kaneshiro, Yuusuke Nomura at MangaBuddy, a top manga site to offering for free. Blue Lock has 312 translated chapters and translations of other chapters are in progress. Lets enjoy. If you want to get the updates about latest chapters, lets create an account and add Blue Lock to your bookmark. .....

Title: Tower Of God
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/tower-of-god
Description: Read Tower of God Manga The storyline centers around a boy called Twenty-Fifth Baam, that has spent his life trapped beneath a tower that was mysterious. Chasing after his only friend, as he attempts to locate his company, he manages to open a door to the Tower, and must face challenges at every floor of the cryptic tower. The Tower The Tower is a cryptic construction which is totally enclosed and hosts many surroundings that are exceptional. It's permeated by means of an element called "Shinsoo", which has unusual properties. It's inhabited by many distinct species that was intelligent. This can be due to ascension from one floor to another being merely permitted by passing challenging tests of dexterity, strength and brain. The 10 leaders and forefathers of the families are known as the 10 Great Warriors, guys of unbelievable power who jointly with Zahard ascended the Tower in the underside to the known top and beyond, and who happen to be kept eternally youthful thanks to the slowed-down effect of time to the larger floors. Little is known of the source of the Tower. Earliest historical records begin together with the incursion of the 10 Great Warriors as well as Zahard to their ascension as well as the Tower. Nevertheless, it's important to see that previous to their own coming, the floors that were distinct were populated with individuals indigenous to them. Likewise, 'Protectors', intelligent although grotesque creatures who created the ascension evaluations for every floor pre-date and Zahard and maybe have existed because the creation of the tower. Each floor is made up of three layers: an Inner Tower where Regulars are examined an outside Outer Tower which functions as the residential area, as well as a Middle Area, which functions as a network linking each floor. Such individuals are called "Chosen Regulars". The Tower is sealed from your vast, unknown "Outside" by portentous, impenetrable doors. Nevertheless, from time to time, outstanding individuals, including the 10 Great Warriors, are in a position to open the doors (presumably permitted by the Tower's own will) and enter in. Just 5 Irregulars have entered the Tower in its long history since the ascension of Zahard. + Berserk Manga + Sun ken rock manga

Title: Bleach
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/bleach
Description: The Exciting and Exquisite Bleach Manga  Bleach Manga is a Japanese Manga series that is illustrated and writer by Tite Kubo. Bleach has over two hundred series in which most of the series have evolved into anime series and it follows the adventures of Ichigo Kurosaki. Kurosaki is a soul reaper commonly known as Shinigami in Japan and he gained powers from Rukia Kuchiki. In his quest to defend humans from evil spirits, Kurosaki pushes them into after life. Bleach is collected into 58 volumes, which are popularly known as Tanlobon volumes, and each of the books discusses the character that is on the cover page. In Japan alone, bleach has released over 500 chapters and there are numerous English versions that are written with katakana on each of them. Bleach Manga has been a continuous series on the ShMnen Jump since 2001 and sold over fifty million copies in Japan and was recorded as the highest Manga seller in the United States. Gotei 13 Captains Bleach Manga Bleach has a wide array of characters from captains of soul society to the modern foes of Espada and the incumbent ranks of Vizards. Each cast has a special weapon that identifies him or her in the realm of the series. Currently Bleach Manga story unravels into the past and it mainly revolves around Vizards, the Vizards were previously referred to as group of unknown characters who have both hollow and Shinigami abilities. Moreover, the story reveals the history of Urahara Kisuke and 12th division captain. He is introduced at the beginning of the Manga, is a mentor of soul reaper Ichigo, and is also a Vizards benefactor. The story gets interesting when Ichigo is fighting the evil spirits while the various captains of society are struggling to bring them back. With numerous untamed action and activity bleach Manga has gained popularity across the globe. Where To Read Bleach Manga Online If you’re a fan of the Bleach manga, then you’re certainly not alone. As one of the best reviewed mangas of all time, it’s easy to see why Bleach is so popular. In this guide, we’re going to take a closer look at what this manga series is all about - and we’ll also give you a few tips on where to read Bleach manga online. With this in mind, let’s get started. First of all, the Bleach series was written and created by Tite Kubo and it focuses on the fascinating adventures of a teengager called Ichigo Kurosaki. Early in the series, he acquires the power of a Shinigami (commonly known as a Death God). However, when you acquires these incredible powers - he also inherits a great deal of responsibility to go along with them.  Captain of the 10th Division in Bleach Manga A big part of these responsibilities is defending humans from rogue spirits who don’t wish to cross over into the afterlife - and completing his role as a Shinigami is the catalyst for myriad adventures that segue between multiple different realms of existence. At this moment, there’s currently 70 volumes of the story, and it’s even spawned a popular anime version of the original manga - which has received equally positive reviews. What’s more, there’s been a view feature length movies, and even video games dedicated to this world. So now that you have some idea of what this series is all about, where can you go to read Bleach manga online? Well, let’s take a look at some of your options.  Bleach Manga AMW - Ichigo vs Ulquiorra 1 - Manganel.com This popular manga website is a great place to read some of the older manga from the Bleach universe, as they stock a great deal of full mangas in both english and their original language of japanese. They tend to be kept very up to date, so even when a latest edition has been released, you’ll soon be able to find it uploaded to this website. 2 - MangaStream Here’s another source for reading Bleach online, as well as a range of other popular mangas. They tend to be up to date most of the time, although occasionally there can be some downtime when it comes to releasing the latest translated versions. So if you’re in a hurry, you may need to look elsewhere for new releases. However, this is a great supplier of the older Bleach manga, so if you’re looking to start reading the series from scratch, this is a great place to start. Conclusion Overall, it’s safe to say the Bleach manga is one of the best that’s ever been created - so if you’re thinking of picking this up, you’re making a great decision.  What’s more, it’s easier than ever to find accurate translations of this manga online, so you shouldn't have too much trouble at all when it comes to finding a place to begin your journey. Ultimately, this is one of the best mangas you could read, and most fans of the series have fond memories of when they first discovered it - so you’re in for a great ride! Other attractive Manga :  + Onepunch Man Manga + Ao no Exorcist Manga

Title: Chainsaw Man
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/chainsaw-man
Description: You are reading Chainsaw Man manga, one of the most popular manga covering in Action, Drama, Horror, Shounen, Supernatural genres, written by Tatsuki Fujimoto at MangaBuddy, a top manga site to offering for free. Chainsaw Man has 348 translated chapters and translations of other chapters are in progress. Lets enjoy. If you want to get the updates about latest chapters, lets create an account and add Chainsaw Man to your bookmark. There's a new hero in town and he's got a bad attitude and a chainsaw dog demon! A dangerous combo.

Title: Moshi Fanren
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/moshi-fanren
Description: Zuo Tianchen is the last living human in a mutated zombie-infested city. Just when he was sure he’d died, he finds his soul returned to just before that ill-fated day ten years ago. He swears he’ll protect the people important to him this time round and reunite with his past lover. Watch his struggles to survive equipped with his memory of the next ten years!

Title: Ranker Who Lives A Second Time
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/ranker-who-lives-a-second-time
Description: You are reading Ranker Who Lives A Second Time manga, one of the most popular manga covering in Action, Adventure, Fantasy, Webtoons genres, written by Sa Doyeon, Nong Nong at MangaBuddy, a top manga site to offering for free. Ranker Who Lives A Second Time has 219 translated chapters and translations of other chapters are in progress. Lets enjoy. If you want to get the updates about latest chapters, lets create an account and add Ranker Who Lives A Second Time to your bookmark. Yeon-woo had a twin brother who disappeared five years ago. One day, a pocket watch left by his brother returned to his possession. Inside, he found a hidden diary in which was recorded "By the time you hear this, I guess I will be already dead."

Title: Tomb Raider King
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/tomb-raider-king
Description: The God’s Tombs started to appear around the world. Due to the relics within these tombs, many were able to wield these legendary power for themselves, while others became enslaved to these users. However, a Tomb Raider appears with the purpose of robbing these relics. The Tomb Raider King. “God damn it! Did that bastard already loot this place as well?!” What you own belongs to me. What I own definitely belongs to me. This is the story of a revived Tomb Raider who will do whatever he can to claim all the tombs and relics for himself!

Title: Spirit Sword Sovereign
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/spirit-sword-sovereign
Description: Once the spirit sword roars, within heaven, earth and the three worlds, I shall reign as the sovereign! Those who do not submit shall die!

Title: Nano Machine
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/nano-machine
Description: You are reading Nano Machine manga, one of the most popular manga covering in Action, Adventure, Fantasy, Martial arts, Webtoons genres, written by Han joong wueol ya at MangaBuddy, a top manga site to offering for free. Nano Machine has 264 translated chapters and translations of other chapters are in progress. Lets enjoy. If you want to get the updates about latest chapters, lets create an account and add Nano Machine to your bookmark. After being held in disdain and having his life put in danger, an orphan from the Demonic Cult, Cheon Yeo-Woon, has an unexpected visit from his descendant from the future who inserts a nano machine into Cheon Yeo-Woon body, which drastically changes Cheon Yeo-Woon life after its activation. The story of Cheon Yeo-Woon journey of bypassing the Demonic Cult and rising to become the best martial artist has just begun.

Title: Tensei Shitara Slime Datta Ken
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/tensei-shitara-slime-datta-ken
Description: You are reading Tensei Shitara Slime Datta Ken manga, one of the most popular manga covering in Action, Adventure, Comedy, Drama, Fantasy, Shounen genres, written by Fuse, Kawakami Taiki at MangaBuddy, a top manga site to offering for free. Tensei Shitara Slime Datta Ken has 187 translated chapters and translations of other chapters are in progress. Lets enjoy. If you want to get the updates about latest chapters, lets create an account and add Tensei Shitara Slime Datta Ken to your bookmark. A man is stabbed by a robber on the run after pushing his coworker and his coworker's new fiance out of the way. As he lays dying, bleeding on the ground, he hears a voice. This voice is strange and interprets his dying regret of being a virgin by gives him the [Great Sage] unique skill! Is he being made fun of !?!

Title: Survival Story Of A Sword King In A Fantasy World
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/survival-story-of-a-sword-king-in-a-fantasy-world
Description: You are reading Survival Story Of A Sword King In A Fantasy World manga, one of the most popular manga covering in Action, Adventure, Comedy, Fantasy, Martial arts, Tragedy, Webtoons, Isekai genres, written by Kwon Sun Kyu, Studio Chun, Lim Kyung-Bae at MangaBuddy, a top manga site to offering for free. Survival Story Of A Sword King In A Fantasy World has 305 translated chapters and translations of other chapters are in progress. Lets enjoy. If you want to get the updates about latest chapters, lets create an account and add Survival Story Of A Sword King In A Fantasy World to your bookmark. Description : Ryu Han-Bin was a normal person who just had been discharged from his mandatory military service, when he was transported to another world. Left to fend for himself, he was given the goal of surviving and growing stronger in a desolate world riddled with monsters. The problem is the "Guideline" that was supposed to be his guiding system to survive is filled with errors.

Title: The Great Mage Returns After 4000 Years
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/the-great-mage-returns-after-4000-years
Description: The worst student of Westrod Academy, the disgrace of the Blake House. A new soul enters the lifeless body of Frey Blake, the boy who couldn’t handle his painful life and chose death instead. “What’s with this body? I’ll have to check every little detail of it.” The Great Mage Lucas Traumen. He earned his chance at revenge by gaining the flesh and bones of Frey Blake the disgrace! And now begins the interesting adventure of the Great Mage who returned after 4000 years! Résume Français :      Le pire élève de l'Académie Westrod, la honte de la Maison Blake. Une nouvelle âme entre dans le corps sans vie de Frey Blake, le garçon qui ne pouvait pas supporter sa vie douloureuse et qui a préféré la mort. "Qu'est-ce que ce corps ? Je vais devoir en vérifier chaque petit détail."      Le grand mage Lucas Traumen. Il a gagné sa chance de se venger en gagnant la chair et les os de Frey Blake le disgrâcieux ! Et maintenant commence l'intéressante aventure du Grand Mage qui est revenu après 4000 ans !

Title: Mushoku Tensei - Isekai Ittara Honki Dasu
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/mushoku-tensei-isekai-ittara-honki-dasu
Description: You are reading Mushoku Tensei - Isekai Ittara Honki Dasu manga, one of the most popular manga covering in Action, Adventure, Comedy, Drama, Ecchi, Fantasy, Harem, Mature, Romance, Seinen genres, written by Rifujin Na Magonote, Fujikawa Yuka at MangaBuddy, a top manga site to offering for free. Mushoku Tensei - Isekai Ittara Honki Dasu has 162 translated chapters and translations of other chapters are in progress. Lets enjoy. If you want to get the updates about latest chapters, lets create an account and add Mushoku Tensei - Isekai Ittara Honki Dasu to your bookmark. A 34-years-old NEET otaku is chased out from his house by his family. Unattractive and penniless, he finds that he has reached a dead end in life and realizes that his life actually could have been much better if he had made better choices in the past. Just when he was at the point of regret, he saw a truck moving at a fast speed straight towards three high schoolers in its path. Mustering all the strength he had, he tried to save them and ended up getting run over by the truck, quickly ending his life. The next time he opened his eyes, he was already reincarnated into a world of sword and magic as Rudeus Greyrat. Born to a new world, a new life, Rudeus decided that, "This time, I will really live my life to the fullest with no regret!" Thus, starts the journey of a man yearning to restart his life.

Title: Black Clover
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/black-clover
Description: From MangaHelpers: Aster and Yuno were abandoned together at the same church, and have been inseparable since. As children, they promised that they would compete against each other to see who would become the next sorcerous emperor. However, as they grew up, some differences between them became plain. Yuno was a genius with magic, with amazing power and control, while Aster could not use magic at all, and tried to make up for his lack by training physically. When they received their grimoires at age 15, Yuno got a spectacular book with a four-leaf-clover (most people receive a three-leaf-clover), while Aster received nothing at all. However, when Yuno was threatened, the truth about Aster's power was revealed-- he received a five-leaf-clover grimoire, a 'black clover' book of anti-magic. Now the two friends are heading out in the world, both seeking the same goal! + Last Game Manga

Title: Yong Heng Zhi Zun
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/yong-heng-zhi-zun
Description: [Summary by OSTNT] It has been a year since Li Fu Chen lost his “Talent”. Now he lives the life of a trash, being bullied and beaten by those who once was inferior to him. However, he still has not lost everything as he’s still engaged to a strong and pretty girl of a powerful family, but that came to an end as the engagement was abruptly cancelled. With shame brought to the family and his life engulfed by darkness, a ray of hope pierced the the sky.

Title: Battle Through The Heavens
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/battle-through-the-heavens
Description: You are reading Battle Through the Heavens manga, one of the most popular manga covering in Action, Adult, Adventure, Comedy, Cooking, Manhua, Romance, Shounen, Supernatural, Full Color genres, written by Tang Jia San Shao at MangaBuddy, a top manga site to offering for free. Battle Through the Heavens has 505 translated chapters and translations of other chapters are in progress. Lets enjoy. If you want to get the updates about latest chapters, lets create an account and add Battle Through the Heavens to your bookmark. From DesperateScanners: In a land where no magic is present. A land where the strong makes the rules and weak has to obey. A land filled with alluring treasures and beauty yet also filled with unforeseen danger. Xiao Yan, who has shown talents none had seen in decades, suddenly three years ago lost everything, his powers, his reputation, and his promise to his mother. What sorcery has caused him to lose all of his powers? And why has his fiancee suddenly shown up?

Title: Martial Arts Reigns
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/martial-arts-reigns
Description: True Heavens Continent is a place where those with great power can move mountains and overturn seas, kick the stars and step on the moon, punch through the sky and even shatter the earth itself! Ye Ming, a commoner born into a side branch within his family, sincerely and diligently tried to become stronger, hoping to avenge his parents’ deaths. As fate would have it, he obtained the "Divine Spirit Cloak", ingested the "Foundation Establishment Divine Pill", and cultivated the "Omnipotent Sutra". With his newfound power, Ye Ming begins his path of vengeance, mercilessly slaughtering any martial artists that dare stand in his way!In the face of deadly threats all across the continent, such as the Immortal Dynasty, the Great Eternal Sect, the Giant Barren Demon, and the Supreme Demon God, Ye Ming is determined that nothing will stop him! Whether god or demon, Ye Ming fears nothing! “I shall be the one who decides my own destiny!”

Title: I Am The Sorcerer King
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/i-am-the-sorcerer-king
Description: 10 years ago, the monster horde from the rift formed from space and time started attacking mankind. At the same time, people have started to awaken the power and began hunting the monsters for fame and money Lee SungHoon, in need of money because of his mother’s sickness, takes a dangerous job to help hunt those monsters four times a month by acting as a bait for the hunters. But one day, he is heavily injured by a monster and remembers his past life as a sorcerer-king ‘Huh? Did I just die?» ‘Wait, I was a Sorcerer King Kratraus in my previous life?’ With his past memories, SungHoon’s overpowered magic show begins.

Title: The Gamer
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/the-gamer
Description: The Gamer manga is a webtoon manhwa composed by Sung Sang-Young and illustrated by Sangah Nevertheless, once the primary protagonist, Han Jee-Han, realises that there's before him saying that he's eventually become a game character, a dialogue box, supernatural events begin occurring Han Jee-Han (Hanjihan) also referred to as "The Gamer" is the primary protagonist of the manhwa The Gamer that has lately find he has a Natural Ability known as The Gamer. This skill makes his life is experienced by him in a game-like setting that has been derived from his gambling habit. He's predominantly found wearing his school uniform: red tie, blue shirt and black trousers. Before he got the power called "The Gamer", Jeehan had no motivation or wishes to realize anything. Like many teens at his age, he sought to get a means to eventually become a significant man in society and had no clue what he wished to do with his life. After being throw to the risks of the Abyss yet, Jeehan's daily life has taken a turn that was complete and he's changed significantly. There is nothing in Jeehan's life he actually loved doing other than playing game titles as well as in accordance to that particular passion, he was allowed the natural ability called "The Gamer". Due to his fixations with video games, Jeehan can generally connect most things he learns regarding the Gaia Theory as well as the Abyss back to video games making it easier for him. Though he is not an entire coward, Jeehan used to select running away as his first choice to make sure his survival and has revealed a reluctance to participate himself in battle. After leveling up and becoming accustom to enemies that are participating, Jeehan is only going to run away in the event the problem is out of his league and is now a lot more confident in his powers. Sun-II Sae-Young and has often laughed at these monologues which annoys Jeehan to no end. Because of the very practical functions that his natural ability gives him (such as creating falls from nothing, enabling him to learn skill publications immediately, and getting passive abilities), Jeehan's ego has gotten apparently large. Nevertheless, after seeing the overwhelming power of people who are veterans in the Abyss, Jeehan's egotism about his powers continues to be lowered and he's started to see how really little he's. Because he's spent most of his life Jeehan is self-conscious around girls that are pretty and has trouble concealing his humiliation when teased. SaeYoung and often teases him by getting close and Lolikiano Mistream use this for all its value. Jee-Han has additionally expressed an interest in the other gender, for example Shi Yun who he believes has an appealing body and Sung Ah who he believes is extremely adorable. Imagination is a characteristic which continues to be a continuous edge to Jee-Han the toolbox of , and it has used his instinct to create several techniques that are useful. For instance, Jeehan understood his energy bolt lacked piercing damage so he chose to control his ki to add properties that were whirling to his assault, creating the Spinning Mana Arrow in the procedure You also may like: + Wizardly Tower (With the same Author - Sung San Young) + The Breaker + The Breaker - New Waves

Title: The God Of High School
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/the-god-of-high-school
Description: The God of High School is a Korean manga that is hosted by the Naver.com a Korean search engine. This full colored manga tells the story of a young 17 high school student named Mori Jin. The main character is an orphan taken in care by his "grandfather" without any real blood relation. Main Character of The God Of High School Mori Jin receives martial arts training all his life from his adoptive “grandfather”. He learns the style of Korean martial arts called Tae Kwon Do. However, his style in Tae Kwon Do is a bit unorthodox. He decides to participate to the competition called God of High School (GOH) after receiving a personal invitation.  The competition seeks to find the best style and the best fighter in martial artist. The big prize for the winner of the high school martial arts completion is 1 million dollars and a wish. Mori Jin, throughout the competition, allies with some strong fighters such as Mi-Ra Yu (17, Kendo) and Dae-Wi Han (Karate).  The artwork in this Korean manga is among the best. However, this is typical for manga produced in Korea, especially those hosted by Naver. The graphics are in full color and feature modern CG/shading. In this manga series colors are used with high skills in order to better distinguish personages. The Korean manga series features many personages that are introduced but they have only some small roles in the plot’s progression. The the story focuses on Jin Mo-Ri’s goals of becoming the best martial arts practitioner of Renewal Taekwondo. Various twists in the plot ensue. The story really gets better and better with each new chapter or episode. Many fans of manga genre do not know that this could also come from Korea, rather than just Japan. In Korea manga is called manwha. For many manga fans, God of High School will get them instantly hooked, grace to the great art style during the fights. The story flows well and features a great deal of suspense, action, drama, and funny moments.  Other manga: + Seraph of the End Manga + Naruto Manga

Title: Legend Of The Northern Blade
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/legend-of-the-northern-blade
Description: You are reading Legend Of The Northern Blade manga, one of the most popular manga covering in Action, Adventure, Fantasy, Martial arts, Shounen, Webtoons, Manhwa genres, written by 해민, 우각 at MangaBuddy, a top manga site to offering for free. Legend Of The Northern Blade has 232 translated chapters and translations of other chapters are in progress. Lets enjoy. If you want to get the updates about latest chapters, lets create an account and add Legend Of The Northern Blade to your bookmark. When the world was plunged into darkness martial artists gathered to form the Northern Heavenly Sect'. With the help of the Northern Heavenly Sect people began to enjoy peace again. However, as time passed the martial artists began to conspire against the Northern Heavenly Sect', and eventually caused the death of the Sect Leader, Jin Kwan-Ho, destroying the sect with it. As everyone left the sect, Jin Kwan-Ho's only son, Jin Mu-Won was left behind. Mu-Won has never learned martial arts, but he finds the Techniques secretly left behind by his father and begins to acquire the martial arts of the Northern Heavenly Sect.

Title: Yuan Zun
Link: https://www.natomanga.com/manga/yuan-zun
Description: "A teenager holds a pen, while a dragon dances; Chaos surrounds the world, lighting the sky. In this world, will the python swallow the dragon, or will the saint dragon rise?!"

